Change doc pages for syntax and indentation (#11197)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/docs/reference/syntax.md

nl               ::=  “new line character”
semi             ::=  ‘;’ |  nl {nl}
```

> The lexical analyzer also inserts `indent` and `outdent` tokensthat represent regions of indented code [at certain points](../reference/other-new-features-indentation.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lexical analyzer also inserts `indent` and `outdent` tokens that represent regions of indented code [at certain points](../reference/other-new-features-indentation.html)
```
